docs: Add instructions for Ceph shutdown (#1831)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/control-plane-operation.rst

Ceph
----

#. Check that the cluster is healthy (i.e. ``ceph -s``). Where possible, solve
   or isolate any issues before the shutdown e.g. by marking unhealthy OSDs as
   'out' in the cluster.

#. Stop all clients. This includes

>    * **All** OpenStack VMs (if their storage is RBD based).

Reviewer: RBD based -> RBD-backed

Author: Done

   * CephFS mounts.

>    * Ceph-backed openstack services such as Glance, Cinder, and RGW/S3/Swift.

Reviewer: OpenStack

Author: Done

>    * Ceph-backed OpenStack services such as Glance, Cinder, and RGW/S3/Swift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Ceph-backed OpenStack services such as Glance, Cinder, Manila, and RGW/S3/Swift.
```

* Shut down seed VM
* Shut down Ansible control host

Full startup
-------------

If the entire control plane is powered down, it is best to bring the nodes up
in the reverse order of shutdown:

* Power on Ansible control host
* Power on seed VM (and other service VMs)

> * Power on Ceph nodes (if applicable)

Reviewer: ideally those holding MON services first?

Author: Done

* Shut down seed VM
* Shut down Ansible control host

Full startup
-------------

If the entire control plane is powered down, it is best to bring the nodes up
in the reverse order of shutdown:

* Power on Ansible control host
* Power on seed VM (and other service VMs)
* Power on Ceph nodes (if applicable)
   * Where possible, start the nodes running MON services first.

>    * Be sure to unset the ``noout`` flag, so that the cluster can

Reviewer 3: noout is not relevant to rebalancing at all

Author: What does it actually do? The docs Ceph docs say:

> when you stop OSDs for maintenance, you might want to prevent CRUSH from automatically rebalancing the cluster. To avert this rebalancing behavior, set the cluster to noout

But also there's a warning after that which seems to say you don't need to do it since Luminous, so I'm confused

https://docs.ceph.com/en/reef/rados/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-osd/#stopping-without-rebalancing

Reviewer 2: `noout` is telling Ceph not to treat the osds as being out of the cluster. This I suppose indirectly stops the rebalancing that would otherwise occur when an osd is out. 

There's also a `norebalance` flag that explicitly stops rebalancing, I don't know if we'd _need_ to set both, but I usually do so. 

@cityofships what would you suggest?

Reviewer 3: `norebalance` wouldn't hurt but `noout` is a must. Without `norebalance`, a couple of placement groups might end up being remapped following service stop / start and that's no issue. A small _rebalancing_ traffic then initiates and finishes naturally. With `noout` you're indicating cluster not to start a _recovery_ traffic which would be huge in case of multiple servers powered off and unnecessary.

Author: Many thanks @cityofships. I've applied your suggestion

>    * Be sure to unset the ``noout`` flag, so that the cluster can

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * Make sure that all OSD services are back up and running. At this point
     it is safe to unset  the ``noout`` cluster flag.
```
